# my-life-app
An app created similar to the Simms that incorporates artificial intelligence and virtual reality.
Similar to the SIMs app which is already in creation, your avatar will come equipped with access to the phone’s Camera app to take a full body picture of oneself to have your avatar look as close to you as possible.  You will be able to update things like hair color, hair style,piercings, freckles, makeup, and facial features, similar to the Bitmoji app.  Upon completion, you will utilize your phone’s GPS feature to design your home based on your location.  The ability to allow and disallow your location from being visible to others will be at the discretion of the user. From there, you can use your phone’s Contacts feature to connect with real life friends.  Once your avatar and home have been personally designed by you, the game will begin.  You can manage your avatar daily activities like waking up, brushing teeth, preparing breakfast, working from home, exercising at home, or tending to children. The real fun begins when you leave your home and go to local restaurants, grocery stores, gas stations, parks, movie theaters, or malls that can be found in your location in real life.  Interacting with placing through the app would be possible and like placing orders on the app at your local grocery store or fast food restaurant.  Reservations can be saved the same way.  Recommendations will be offered based on previous orders, reservations, or purchases.  Daily alarms can be set based on previous activities including exercise, bedtime, dinner, etc.  In-app purchases include purchases through accounts linked to restaurants, movies, etc and certain items for personal avatar.
